Folks, thanks for joining us. This is a... Thank you.
It's kind of a cool interview because we're going to accomplish two things.
ah this is one of my favorite news sources but nobody knows how to pronounce it in the united states.
and ah my guest is joshua phillips and he works for as the queen's english would say epoch times. that's right and in america we call it epic times.
And I honestly like the American pronunciation.
But what do you think? You know, it sounds epic. You know what I mean? Yeah, it's epic. Epic times. I mean, that's the way it works. But then again, EPIC is epic. Yeah, yeah.
That's never wrong. Then people spell it wrong. They've done it on their own website. So you folks have broken some amazing stories. You've been on the cutting edge. You're bringing truth to the...
To to journalism that seems to be lost. you're not following the narrative, buying into big pharma. you're not bought and owned by anybody.
We're grateful for what you do.
but i wanted to talk about this movie dealing with you know you know.
January 6th.
And you guys have done a tremendous work on this because we supported the folks that are being attacked.
in the supposed insurrection that was weaponless and the only person killed.
was was babbit who you know she was shot blindside by a capital police officer unarmed a veteran
ah and it just it's it's such a a kangaroo court.
And you guys come out with this documentary, tell everybody about it, how we can connect with it and watch it.
So, yeah, we're just supposed to document through the real story. Did I tell them you're Joshua Phillips? Oh, yeah, I think so, yeah. That's who he is. Just released a documentary, The Real Story of January 6th. And, you know, as
And really, there's a lot of false information out on it. And so people have been wondering, like, I think people know instinctively based on just the way the media's been promoting it and the way even...
Even like the committee is even contradicting itself in some areas. They know something's weird about it, but they haven't really seen the evidence showing them why it's weird. They've seen clips here.
Oops, here and there.
What we wanted to do was take everything and put it in one place. So we've got a lot of footage nobody's ever seen before. Come on, that's great. Ashley Babbitt, for example, we show the second gunman. A lot of people don't know who'
The second gunman? I didn't. We show evidence on the three other people who died that day with evidence that they were actually possibly killed by police as well. Okay.
And we debunk a lot of information as well. We show exculpatory evidence of several individuals.
because when you take the footage people have been shown and you show that it's full context and we can show that the january six committee has been doctoring video.
Videos they've been altering evidence
We can show that
when you look at things in their full context, the story is totally different.
Yeah, I mean, to... To...
Let's see. Tuesday of next week.
Dr. Simone Gold, who pleads guilty to a misdemeanor, is now facing two months in jail. She begins her, her, her.
Imprisonment on Tuesday
You know, you know,
What did she do? And yet 35 buildings can be burned.
In inauguration or black lives matter
ah you can you can stock supreme court justices which is a federal offense no prosecution that but they're coming after grandmas.
They're coming after doctors, lawyers. They're coming after all these people. They're calling it an insurrection.
Hey.
Do you think they're going to try to indict President Trump?
I think they won too.
Will they be able to? Probably not, because if Trump announces he's running for president, that whole thing's out the window.
But really, I think this goes back to one thing they said. Soon after Trump left office, which is that they needed a cleansing of the country of the Trump movement. Right. They needed to cleanse the country.
This is the country of the Trump movement. What do they do? Well, we can't say for sure that January 6th was like stage for the purpose of that. We consider some weird stuff suggesting that maybe this...
Maybe there's some...
investigations needed on that yeah but we can say they've used it that way.
And so they try to frame Trump as an insurrectionist against the American system if he tries running, they might try to block him based on that. So they might try to use this to block him.
I'm not going to talk him from running because of that.
Does your documentary go into Epps? Ray Epps? Ray Epps. We do. We go deep into Ray Epps. And he's most wanted, and then all of a sudden he...
He disappears. Well, because he was the guy who did what everybody's accused of doing, and the FBI is no interest in. So Ray Epps, you have this individual.
who on video is telling people a crowd, we need to go into the Capitol, we need to go into the Capitol, and who on the day when Trump is still speaking at the ellipse,
is leading the crowd, overturning barriers, rushing the Capitol building, raiding the Capitol. He hasn't been arrested. Neither have.
the close to one hundred other suspicious actors who are the people who committed the real crimes.
neither are they and frankly the fbi seems to have no interest in the people who actually committed the real crimes which is ironic because i think most trump supporters actually both
Believe that those people should be arrested and the people who claim the whole thing's a you know pretty much an insurrection don't believe that those people should be arrested which is
I mean mind-boggling. Yeah, it is.
Well, I have to say thank you.
And I was talking, the media row here at Student Action Summit has some of the greatest news outlets because we're having to contend with what they used to call mainstream
Mainstream media, which we've come to realize is bought and paid for and hook, line and sinker, and they just live in an echo chamber and repeat everybody's mantra.
real journalism everyone thought it died but it is it it's just coming in the forms of other organizations like yours.
thank you for the work you do. our founders gave us the first amendment so the press would report the truth, the pulpits would proclaim it and the people would live it. your job is critical and vital and all.
And all of us, thank you for what you do. Bless you, man. Really appreciate it. Thank you. Likewise. Okay, tell them how they can watch that show. Where are we going to see it? You can go to Epic Times or EPUB.
Epoch times. Epoch TV. So it's E-P-O-C-H-T-V.com.
There you go. And they can watch it. Yep.
That's awesome. And no charge. Well, subscribers, but if you want to watch it for free, you can just get a free subscription. Free subscription, but we go free trials. And they should because we get it delivered to our house.
house and that's listen it's worth it so it's
Thanks for tuning in. God bless you guys. Thanks for joining us and we'll see you with the next interview. Bye everybody. Thank you.